The program attempts to implement an interactive user experience based on the
1940 Disney Film, Fantasia, specifically the segment, "The Sorcerer's
Apprentice". To create this experience, I utilized the Kinect in conjunction
with the Pygame module. The Kinect allowed me to track several of the user's
joint positions and from these coordinates, calculate and detect specific
motions that correspond to controls in the program.
When the program begins, a hat is mapped onto the users head and gloves, which 
are rotatable, are mapped onto the user's hands.
The main objects the user is able to control are mops, water, and stars. By
using the lasso hand state at the bottom half of the screen, new mops can be
created. Spreading both hands outwards split the most recently created mop into
two. The motion of the mops corresponds to the motion of the users hands when
they are positioned at the bottom of the screen. Mops may be deleted by
selecting a mop and then forming the hand into a closed state. The user can
also cause water to crash up on the screen by swiping a hand upwards rapidly. 
Stars can be created by using the lasso hand state and moving the hand towards 
the Kinect anywhere in the top half of the screen. The stars are also able to 
be moved in a collective motion with the positions of the hands when at the top 
half of the screen. Additionally, the stars may be formed into logarithmic 
spirals of 10 stars each by crossing the hands near the top of the screen. 
Leaving the hands crossed will cause the spiral to rotate. Finally, the music
that is playing can be paused by forming both hands into the closed state.
Exiting the fantasy in this manner will also cause all images on screen to
disappear. Reopening the hands will cause the music to resume and the images to
reappear. These features may be directly accessed through the play mode or 
individually introduced through the tutorial mode.
The user interface is roughly based off of the visual aspects of "The
Sorcerer's Apprentice" segment of Fantasia because the program is meant to
provide the user with a simplified version of the first-hand experience of
Mickey as the apprentice discovering the sorcerer's powers.
A new element I implemented after the User-study-a-thon is being able to return
to the splash screen at any point in the program in order to allow easier use
of the program as a comprehensive packaged product.